Team 4 Project Proposal:
 Schedule of Planet Terps
Joshua Hershberger
Jennifer Saratis
Arthur Wu
Ian Zheng
Bernie Zhong
https://scheduleofpt.herokuapp.com/index.html














Information Problem
The information problem we are looking to solve is an information convenience issue for UMD students when scheduling classes. Most students take heavy consideration into which courses they will take. As of the moment, there are not any websites that have course times, availability, sections, reviews, and course grades all in one. Since this is not something that has been done yet, thousands of students are being inconvenienced and need to navigate through multiple tabs for hours just to find the information they are looking for. With course registration occurring during the semester when exams are happening, students simply do not have the time to effectively choose the classes they will take the following semester, which they must pay a fortune to take. We are hoping to solve or mitigate this information inconvenience by reducing the amount of time, effort, and energy required to pick appropriate courses for oneself.
Stakeholders
The stakeholders of this project would be University of Maryland students who are looking to schedule their classes. Instructors would also be stakeholders, but they would be more concerned with the reviews that are showing for themselves. For the most part, those who will care about this problem belong to a more general population (40,000 students enrolled at the University of Maryland). We aim to solve this by designing our own schedule of classes that incorporates course grades, professors, reviews, and courses. This would resolve the issue that students have because they would no longer have to navigate back and forth between tabs and courses until they find one that suits them. By putting it all on one page, they will have everything that goes into the consideration of making next semester's schedule.




Data worked with 
https://api.planetterp.com/#planetterp-api
https://umd.io/
We have chosen to use two API’s. One is from PlanetTerp and the other is umd.io, a student run open-source API for UMD data. We have chosen to work with these API’s to solve the information problem that occurs when students are registering for class. By using a combination of the two, we can help students quickly find the courses they are looking for and determine if it is the right fit for them. The topic to address using the PlanetTerp and UMD API is to pull data from both and include them in one singular website. This will improve the convenience of scheduling classes for college students so that all the resources they need are located in one website - as opposed to multiple.




* Chosen strategies and solutions for the problem
* Technical system decision rationale
* How/if your final system helps to address the problem
* Challenges faced and impact on final design
* Possible future work directions with this problem